# Scrolls18

# About

A national level technical paper presentation contest that provides a pedestal to unleash the talent of budding technocrats, SCROLLS-2018 deals with the most thriving and progressive fields of technology and management, bringing Computing, Information Technology, Mechanical Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Electronics and Communication Technologies and Civil Engineering along with major developmental leaps in management and leadership in its fold.The crystal clarity and insight of the unique topics will not only transcend the contestant to glory but will also add to the technological advancement of the era. The share you transcribe to evacuate the sub fuss of unawareness will be in your own hands. Melt the dusk and evolve into the new dawn of prestige with utter confidence and perseverance.
We at AJAY KUMAR GARG ENGINEERING COLLEGE believe in the saying “Every human has four endowments - self awareness, conscience, independent will and creative imagination. These give us the ultimate human freedom.The power to choose, to respond, to change”. One has very rightly said that when the seeds of imagination and innovation are nourished in proper soil with every proper care only then they germinate. If one has to strive for zenith then one must be able to think beyond the conventions, lay firm foots ahead with dedication and will. Thus elevating the zeal of creativity and innovation amongst students, we at AKGEC organize the National-level paper presentation event called SCROLLS(Students creative and Oratory Learning Skills) which aims at flourishing the talent of students and giving them a platform to showcase their multidimensional creativity. This event is not only for the engineering field but for Management as well.
